On January 28,
Philippines signed a $374.96 million deal
with BrahMos Aerospace Pvt. Ltd. for the
supply of shore based anti-ship variant of
the BrahMos supersonic cruise missile.
This is the first export order for the
missile which is a joint product between
India and Russia and also the biggest
defence export contract of the country.
This adds impetus to the efforts to boost
defence exports and meet the ambitious
target set by the Government to achieve a
manufacturing turnover of $25 billion or
₹1,75,000 crore including exports of
₹35,000 crore in aerospace and defence
goods and services by 2025.

In the last few years, India has put out
a range of military hardware on sale
which includes various missile systems,
Light Combat Aircraft (LCA), helicopters,
warship and patrol vessels, artillery guns,
tanks, radars, military vehicles,
electronic warfare systems in addition to
other weapons systems.